the area extracted by you live
the clash between Argentina and Peru for the
date 17 of the World Cup qualifier
by the conmebol defines little or nothing these
countries are measured this Friday 11 of
October at the monumental stadium in
buenos aires argentina what you are looking for in
the last two dates is to finish as the
first place in the situation zone that does not
is mathematically assured but that
you can look at it as a matter of
formalism it is almost impossible that
Colombia take away the Argentine leadership
has 29 points and with a difference of
goals over 19 Colombia has 26 and a
differential plus 13 the coach
Alejandro Sabella will not have his
disposition to the battering ram of barcelona lio
messi who continues with the seguidilla
of injuries that have made it impossible for
act with regularity in the past
Months Messi suffers a muscle injury
that will keep him out of the court
about three weeks injury
10 Argentine came in a game the
Spanish league where Barcelona
faced almería the two parties
they will also serve to make that candle
find a plan b in the absence of
messi especially because the forward
could reach the world cup brazil-2014
plagued with injuries
but for its part it is completely
removed from the ability to access
to the world cup and the two games that
subtract have a procedural nuance for
they the Peruvians are seventh in the
classification with 14 points in 14
matches after four wins two
ties and eight defeats the selection of
Peru will have ten confirmed casualties between
injured and suspended for this
Argentina clash against the last of
they the corinthians striker paulo
warrior who fell from the
call for an injury to his leg
right in addition to warrior the coach
sergio markarián will not have the
usual
raúl fernández alberto rodríguez carlos
zambrano yoshimar yotún luis advíncula
rinaldo crossed jefferson farfán for
face the albiceleste as
visitor peru lost six of the seven
games that he played in this tie
he only tied in his visit to peace
against bolivia 17 of the 22 goals
fitted to peru came playing outside
of home with an average of 2.42 goals
against argentina won five of the
seven who played at home equalizing before
Colombia and Bolivia
the Argentines averaging 2 points 57
goals scored in
the odds put Argentina
as the great favorite paying his triumph
at 1.25 minus 400 the improbable victory
from Peru 11 points are paid 50 thousand 50 and
the draw is at 5.50 plus 450 line
American the confrontation of this good
not only does it lend itself to a triumph of
local but for an excessive result
that should end with a win for the
albiceleste so without further ado
We recommend a bet to the
proposal wins Argentina and will be noticed
more than two and a half goals in the match
with a quota of 1.70 or less 142 in
American line thanks for joining me
in this little summary and I hope what
have enjoyed them soon
bringing more information about your
favorite matches and the best picks
free industry and remember the
luck does not lend or give away, it only pays you
for that reform
I'm max lloyd